Addressing Usama's review from issue #56 (#63)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models: draft-ietf-rats-reference-interaction-models.md

This document illustrates three main interaction models that can be used in specific RATS-related solution documents:

1. Challenge/Response Remote Attestation
2. Uni-Directional Remote Attestation
3. Streaming Remote Attestation

As a basis to describe the interaction models is this document, the example of attestation Evidence conveyance is used to illustrate the usage scenarios.
The reference models defined can also be applied to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages in RATS.
This document aims to:

1. prevent inconsistencies in descriptions of interaction models in other documents, which may occur due to text cloning and evolution over time, and to
2. highlight the exact delta/divergence between the core characteristics captured in this document and variants of these interaction models used in other specifications or solutions.

In summary, this document enables the specification and design of trustworthy and privacy-preserving conveyance methods for RATS Conceptual Messages; specifically attestation Evidence conveyed from an Attester to a Verifier.

> While the exact details for conveyance of other Conceptual Messages is out of scope, the models described in this document can be adapted to apply to the conveyance of other Conceptual Messages, such as Endorsements or Attestation Results, or supplemental messages, such as Epoch Markers {{-epoch-markers}} or stand-alone event logs.

Author: done

In order to ensure appropriate conveyance of Evidence, the following requirements MUST be fulfilled:

Integrity:

> : Information provided by an Attester MUST NOT have been altered since it was created. This may be achieved through by symmetric signature, e.g., PSA TF-M profile, or asymmetric, like ECDSA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Information provided by an Attester MUST NOT have been altered since it was created. This may be achieved via symmetric cryptography, e.g., using COSE Mac0 as in PSA TF-M profile ({{Section 5.2 of I-D.tschofenig-rats-psa-token}}), or asymmetric, like ECDSA.
```
